new quickstarts (#164)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/quick-starts/feature-flag-quickstart.md

> 

Reviewer: One downside of this page is that, while the example is practically relevant, I cannot actually run the code locally to see that everything is set up correctly.

It would be a bit of work, but I think there could be a lot of value in actually creating a walkthrough that creates something that runs locally (probably a little Python script is the easiest). We could start using "print" to log assignments, and then explain how to hook up Segment as a follow up step.

![Feature gate 1](/img/feature-flagging/feature-gate-1.png)

### 2. Create allocations to describe your target audience

After creating the flag, decide who to target by creating [allocations](/feature-flags#allocations). In this case we will create two allocations that describe our target audience for the new page: internal users and half of all North American web users:

![Feature gate 2](/img/feature-flagging/feature-gate-2.png)

> Create each allocation one by one, giving each a name and specifying the traffic split and traffic exposure. Finally, enter rules that specify which subjects are part of that allocation. In the example above `Internals users` are determined by their email, and `North America Web Users` are determined by their country and device. For this allocation we'll set the traffic exposure to 50% so that 50% of the group still sees the original page (SDK will return `null`).

Reviewer: Curious for @vpai 's take on this. I think we should not put a 50/50 split with a NULL group in the docs. When you are doing a 50/50 split you are going to run an experiment, and there should be explicit variants (if only for clarity). Also would we even be logging the NULL assignment in this case?

Reviewer: Could also argue that it is overkill to create two allocations before even setting up the SDK in a quick start. The whole point is to get end-to-end as quickly as possible. Could talk about the second allocation as an optional 4th part

Author: Yep agreed on the first one (actually wrote about that if the FF common issues doc).

I think showing that you can create multiple allocations is nice, if a user wants to skip the second that's fine

### 3. Connect a logging function to the Eppo SDK (optional)

> If you are using feature flags to implement a randomized experiment, you will need to log each time a user is assigned a variant. Instead of integrating an additional event logging system, Eppo connects to your existing data warehouse logging infrastructure. Whether you are using a third party system to log events to the data warehouse or have an internally built solution, you'll simply pass in a logging function when initializing the SDK. 

Reviewer: We should mention in the intro that this quickstart assumes you have some system to log. It would suck to get to this part and realize you are stuck.

Author: Agreed. I'll make a note to add that as a fast follow

> For instance, if you are using Segment, the logging function might look something like this:

Reviewer: Worthwhile to double down that the approach is similar with logging solutions different from Segment?

```jsx
import { IAssignmentLogger } from '@eppo/js-client-sdk';
import { AnalyticsBrowser } from '@segment/analytics-next'

// Connect to Segment (or your own event-tracking system)
const analytics = AnalyticsBrowser.load({ writeKey: '<SEGMENT_WRITE_KEY>' })

const assignmentLogger: IAssignmentLogger = {
  logAssignment(assignment) {
    analytics.track({
      userId: assignment.subject,
      event: 'Eppo Randomized Assignment',
      type: 'track',
      properties: { ...assignment }
    });
  },
};
```

> You can read more about assignment logging functions [here](/how-tos/event-logging/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [event logging](/how-tos/event-logging/) page has more information on how to set up logging using different logging tools
```
I think we should avoid using "here" as the name of a link

> ### 4. Initialize the SDK

Reviewer: We need to explain how to create an API key within Eppo

Choose the [Eppo SDK](/feature-flags/sdks) that fits in your stack. You'll need to install initialize the SDK in your app and create an Eppo client. Here is an example in Javascript:

```javascript
import { init } from "@eppo/js-client-sdk";

await init({
  apiKey: '<API_KEY>',
  assignmentLogger,
});
```

> If you are using React, we have some [React specific recommendations](../feature-flags/sdks/javascript#usage-in-react).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using React, we have some [React specific recommendations](/feature-flags/sdks/javascript#usage-in-react).
```
